Add documentation/usage instructions (#1)
ntBre/curato: README.md

# curato
Chemical dataset curation

## Usage

> There are three main phases to using cura, each of which is described in its own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three main phases to using curato - store, query, and serve - each of which is described in its own
```

> section below. I never got around to making cura a proper package that you can

Reviewer: Should instances of `cura` actually be `curato`?

Author: No, the repo is curato, but the python package is still called cura.

install and use directly in a conda environment, so current operation basically
assumes that you're working within the repo.

### Storing data in the database
The first cura subcommand is `store`, currently invoked with something like
```shell
python cura/store.py FILENAME [-n NPROCS] [-t TOTAL]`
```

> `FILENAME` is the required name of a file containing a list of SMILES to load

Reviewer: Does that mean a text file with one smiles per line, or does a csv work? What format?

Author: One SMILES per line

into the database. The optional `NPROCS` sets the size of the
`multiprocessing.Pool` to use for parallelizing the molecule processing, and

> `TOTAL` is an optional total number of lines used for progress reporting[^1].

Reviewer: So it only shows you the last `TOTAL` number of lines of output? As a user, if I don't know how much output there is, I wouldn't know how much output is expected and I wouldn't want to miss a warning.

Or is this a number of lines in an sql table? Like setting the number of values printed in numpy output from a large array?

Author: No, it's used by tqdm for progress reporting. Just leave it out if you don't know it, or run `wc -l` on the file and provide that.
